It was not a thing where guys were just, you know, causing any problem.
They were just having a good time, and they'd get happy.
Were those of you who did not drink, were you teased?
Were you held in any kind of disregard, you thought?
I don't think so.
To some extent, we thought we were going to be.
But probably out of our 40 plus freshmen, there was at least 10 of us that band together.
And there were sophomores, juniors, and seniors, also a few who, you know, drank the cold drinks with the rest of us.
And I never felt like that we were
we were considered second race citizens because we didn't drink.
Whiskey was, how common was whiskey?
Wasn't very common, to be honest with you.
It was usually beer, is what most people were drinking.
And beer was available retail?
Yes.
Whiskey Bridge, was it already a reality?
And many a time that's where the, you'd have to go across the Brazos River,
out to Whiskey Bridge and that's where the alcohol came from.
Did Aggies keep any alcohol in their rooms?
Not at all.
At least I never knew it because it was a pretty stiff penalty if you got caught with it.
Smoking, how common was that and what did they smoke?
Well, they were mostly cigarette smokers among them.
There was a few.
I think I recall that
One could smoke in your room if you chose to.
One year I had a, my sophomore year, I had a roommate that smoked, but he didn't ever smoke in the room.
And he always wanted to quit.
But his reaction always was, well, it does me more psychological good than physical harm.
And so he always smoked.
Today he does not smoke.
Were there any cigars, pipes?
Yeah, there were cigars.
Big deal at the Dunkin' Dining Hall after a Thanksgiving meal, Christmas meal, they'd break out the cigars.
And everybody was given a cigar to smoke if they wanted to.
And, you know, it was stifling to see all the cigars that were being smoked.
Even freshmen got smoked cigars.
Nobody, no student smoked a pipe.
I remember one or two that in their room they smoked a pipe.
Chewing tobacco or snuff?
Wasn't very prevalent in those days.
What did, what in your era, how common were drugs?
Didn't even know they existed.
Had you even heard the words?
Nope, never heard it.
And of course, nobody, heroin, cocaine and all that was totally... That was totally foreign to all of us.
Now, where was there, if a group of guys wanted to just go have a big time on Saturday night, other than the clay pits, where else would they have gone?
There was a place out here called Fort Shiloh.
that was kind of an old church building that had been made into a honky tonk.
And it was a place to go.
Where was it?
It was in College Station out to Highway 6 on the right.
Okay.
It's about where old Fort Shiloh is today.
All right.
Was Uncle Ed still going?
Yes, it was.
Describe it.
And about where was it?
It was out toward the Brazos River, as I recall, and it was basically just a eating place and beer joint, and I remember they had tables and chairs outside, and I can honestly say I never went there.
It just wasn't a place that was appealing to me at all.
How often did you and your buddies go to something in downtown Bryan?
We might go to a movie at the Palace Theater, you know, two or three times a month.
That was not uncommon.
And if any of you had an out-of-town date, where did she stay?
Well, the out-of-town dates I had usually stayed with some of the church members that we knew through our congregation.
There were others that occasionally would stay with faculty members in their homes.
And then there were times when a big event came and they would even vacate part of a dorm and put the coeds in there.
At social events where there were lots of dates, how were the women treated?
Very well.
Describe some of those big social events, freshman dance, the freshman ball, a cotton ball, a ring dance, and so forth.
Those were always very special, special affairs.
And as odd as this may sound,
One of the greatest quirks of my memory is when they redid the restrooms at Cebesa and designed some facilities that women could use wearing long skirts, big full skirts.
Now that's weird, but it was the talk of the campus.
that they have these unique facilities for women.
And so when they'd have the big dance and the women were here, it was unbelievable.
Now, how I would remember that at this point in life, it just seems very strange.
But as you well know, in that day and age, if it was all male military, facilities for women were very sparse, very sparse.
most anywhere you went.
And did the average undergraduate male attend a lot of those big?
Oh no, oh no.
Those were juniors and seniors more often than not.
Now if you had the special freshman ball or the sophomore ball, everybody went.
But
Big events, big formal dances, if you brought in a big band, all of that, the majority of those would be juniors and seniors.
Do you remember going as a junior and senior?
I really don't because I was not a dancer as such.
I went to some of the banquets we had, and many times the dance would follow that.
Let's not say I never went to a dance, but I did a time or two my freshman year, I think.
But it was usually just to see who was there and what was going on.
Do you remember some of the big bands?
Yeah.
Les Brown and his band of renown was one of them.
Guy Lombardo, I believe, came.
Now, he may have been Town Hall.
Well, but, no, I just mean to the campus.
These were big bands that came in.
Who were some other celebrity?
Well Elvis Presley came and when he started his career he had an appearance here.
Nat King Cole was one I remember vividly.
I think Tony Bennett was here on one occasion.
Sons of the Pioneers and people like that that were here.
Did you by chance go see Elvis?
Oh yes.
What was your impression?
well he was just sort of a greasy kid that you know you thought he's here today and gone tomorrow uh that that basically was it but town hall was a big event uh everybody went to town hall were there some other celebrity speakers or politicians you remember during your undergraduate days i don't know that i remember
any outstanding speakers that made a great impression on me.
I really don't.
No military heroes?
No, I don't recall.
Let's see, who were some of the celebrity students that were here, people that were a lot of notoriety?
There were a few football players, weren't there?
What did you all think about those?
Well, of course, when Bear Bryant came,
here in 54, 55, which was my freshman year.
He was, I still remember the first night he was here at Yale practice, walked up on the stage at the Grove, and he took his coat off and rolled his sleeves up and talked about the winning program he was going to build, and the place just went wild, and he introduced some of his players, and of course, John David Crowe was one of the big names
that everybody knew about.
Kenneth Hall, Charlie Kruger, a guy from Kentucky by the name of Tracy, John Tracy, and Jack Pardee, of course, was already established as a football player.
Gene Stallings.
It was amazing.
how many good athletes we had at that time.
What did you students think about Bear Bryant?
Well, we wanted to win.
And we felt like that he was going to be the answer to our desire to win.
And of course, our freshman year, we won one, the team won one game and lost nine.
And the only game I missed was the one in Maryland.
because I liked football and I went to the games.
I had seen them at Juncture and I wanted to see them do well.
Did you all see many of those star football players in classes, in the hallways?
Were they really part of the student body?
To some degree they were.
They were to wear uniforms just like the rest of us.
And they were the sloppiest cadets that existed.
They got out of
out of Thursday afternoon drill because they had football practice.
I remember they weren't always the most studious and I didn't have an appreciation then of why they weren't, but if you'd worked yourself physically to where you were just worn out,
It was hard to get in class and stay awake.
Were there supposedly then, as far as you students knew, were there any E, any cush courses for athletes?
Yeah, there were.
There was one gentleman here that was known as Cigar Dan, the grade point man, sociology classes, and they always seemed to gravitate to his.
There was a required
economics course that I remember the funny incident in.
And it was my sophomore year, but there was a gentleman teaching this class who was hard hearing.
And he had one of these over the head, you know, hearing aids with a little deal in his pocket.
And I noticed when I went in to take the class, there was a lot of athletes in there.
And it was unusual that there would be so many athletes taking this course in economics.
Well, about the time that we were to have our first major exam, Dr. Adams is who this gentleman was.
And all of a sudden, the athletes would come in and they'd start talking to Dr. Adams real loud.
And the first thing you know, he would turn his hearing aid down.
And then when it came time to take the test, they would say, Charlie, what you got on number two?
And they just all took the test together.
And there was always some of them that knew what was going on and they made, you know, they had some help and they did a good job.
Well, as fate would have it, Dr. Adams got sick and died.
And we had another prof come in
who was not hard-hearing.
And, of course, you know what happened to all the athletes.
I shouldn't say all of them, but many of them.
And I was happy that I made a C, at least in the course, as I best recall.
There was always a few shenanigans like that that went on.
Now, were there some athletes that you and your fellow students knew were good, that these athletes were good students?
Oh, yes.
There were always some that they were there, did their work.
But because of my longstanding friendship with a lot of these athletes from Junction,
I found out that they had tutors available for them over at Walton Hall.
And so a lot of times when there was a big exam coming up, I'd go over and study with them and take advantage of tutors.
It was not illegal.
There was nothing wrong with it.
They helped us get ready for tests.
And so I always remembered.
Then the quiz files we all had, oh, they were wonderful.
And the profs would say, now you guys take these tests and put them in your quiz files.
It was not that they didn't want us to have them.
They wanted us to have them.
The tests were always different, most of the time anyway.
There was one exception.
In my freshman year, I was taking history under Dr. Nance.
He was very affectionately known as Notes Nance.
And if you broke your pencil lead, you were behind a paragraph or two.
We were studying for the final exam in history 106.
No, it was 105.
Maybe it was 105 or six.
Five is the first semester, six is the second.
It was six, the second semester.
And there was three different sections within the guys in my outfit, freshmen.
And so we'd study together to get ready for the finals.
Well, we got in there, and there was about seven different final exams in the file.
And we didn't realize it, but Dr. Nance used some of those tests occasionally verbatim.
He would not change them.
And so the first group went to class and took their exam, and they came back and said, he used this exam.
So we'd rule that out for the next group.
By the time we got to the third group, we knew which exam he was going to give.
And so there were, I think, four of us in that section.
And so we made a pact and said, let's don't all make 100.
If we all make 100, it's going to be, it'll look bad.
Well, we got in there and, of course, it was the same exam.
Now, the beautiful thing was I knew the material.
It wasn't a matter of knowing the answers.
I knew the material.
And so we're sitting there, and I just, and I got to looking at my grades.
And in order to make a B in that history class, I had to have 100.
So I just violated the code a little bit and went ahead and made 100.
I was one of the four that made 100.
And I told the guys later, and they weren't mad.
They said, that's fine.
But I had an extra point or two by making 100.
Describe, other than the notes part, describe Dr. Nance as a teacher, as a lecturer.
Dr. Nance was a, he was a very knowledgeable historian, as I recall.
I thought I knew some history from high school, but I didn't know anything compared to what he knew and the detail he would give you.
And he had the reputation, because of Notes Nance, is that you didn't fall asleep if you took notes in his class.
You would just be so hard pressed to get it all down.
But one of the funny things was one of the guys that was a sophomore our freshman year, he said, well, I guess you guys all know how Dr. Nance grades.
And we said, what's that?
He said, well, he staples your papers together, gets at the top of the stairs, and throws them down.
And whoever has the heaviest paper, it'll go the furthest, so you get an A. And after that, we realized that he was a man that liked detail.
And I found him to be fair, but he was hard.
Wasn't the most entertaining lecturer either.
He was pretty dull, to be honest with you.
Other interesting teachers you recall that you haven't mentioned already?
Well, I mentioned Herb Thompson, but I've got to tell you one more story about Herb Thompson, marketing professor.
Herb Thompson taught a retailing class one time and he told us how to pick out clothes off the rack that were on special.
You might go to a big men's store and it says sale.
clothes from $39.95 to $99.95, all for $35 or whatever the price was.
And Herb brought a suit to class, some suits, and he taught us how to look at the seams and the stitching.
And he said the difference between a $100 suit and a $50 suit is how they're put together.
and the amount of thread used to build them.
And he said, you go to that rack, find one, and then start checking it, and you'll know how to buy a good suit.
And I, to this day, have always remembered Herb Thompson.
He had a great sense of humor also.
Let's see.
One other prof, though, that I remember well was
one of our English profs we had, and that was Dr. John Paul Abbott.
He was a man that you just enjoyed being in class with because he just loved life.
And then Dr. C.C.
Dokes, who taught biology, was just, they were excellent teachers.
By and large, I think all my teachers were good.
Let's see, was Doak C-Square?
Oh, yeah, C-Square.
Did Dr. Abbott have a nickname?
I do not recall a nickname for him.
I don't either.
I don't?
I don't remember him.
Happy Harry Hearth and Bloody Morgan, but I don't remember.
Yeah.
I don't remember one.
Let's see.
Major off-campus events.
There were no catastrophes, tragedies on campus.
What off-campus and or world events do you remember?
No Pearl Harbor, no presidential assassination?
Well, I recall that sometime during this era, we got into real competition with the Russians over Sputnik.
And science and math became very important in the educational structure of America.
And so there was a lot of emphasis placed on that.
And that's the best I remember right now.
As you and your buddies were realizing you were heading toward commencement, Vietnam wasn't yet hanging over you and the Korean War was ended.
Were there any international threats that you all feared that might involve?
Well, actually the Korean conflict, as they called it, was still looming.
And it was still an occasion where
guys were going into the service concerned that that's where they were going to wind up.
My senior year, it did wind down, and they backed off the draft and reclassified a lot of people and all of that.
Interestingly enough, just so you set the record straight here, I was going to summer camp at the end of my junior year and I was going to take my pre-camp physical and they discovered I had a hernia from playing flag football and took my contract, my commission away from me, my contract.
I'll never forget Colonel Dittman said, well, if you get that hernia repaired, you can come back.
If you pass the physical your senior year, then you can go to summer camp after your senior year.
Well, strange turn of events.
I had that hernia repaired that summer at the South Plains Hospital in Lubbock.
My dad's insurance was wearing out, running out.
So I had my tonsils out and a hernia repaired at the same time and then came back to summer school.
And that's when I met my wife.
I decided then that being, I marched around the last time for core review, final review, got to wear my senior boots, had a pair, all that.
But I decided that to be in the category one contract that I had with the Air Force as a pilot, I had to commit five years minimum.
And I had fallen in love by that time.
And so Joanne and I were thinking of marriage, and I decided that I was not going to get back in the Corps my senior year.
Well, Colonel Dittman was so mad that I didn't get back in that he called my draft board in Jayden, Texas, and told them to put me at the head of the list.
Well, I was due to graduate in January,
And in late October, I got my notice to report in five days.
I called the draft board lady and said to her that I wanted a deferment to finish school.
And she said, well, we can do that.
And she said, has anything else changed about your situation?
I said, well, Mrs. Johnston, or Mrs. Mary Johnson was her name, Mary Johnson.
She said, I said, I'm married.
She said, well, when did you marry?
And I said, well, this last January.
She said, well, send us in a copy of your wedding marriage license and we're going to reclassify you.
So I never did wind up getting in the Korean conflict because of that or getting the service.
During your student days, what were the major traditions that you Aggie students celebrated?
Well, of course, muster was always very important.
I remember musters on the grass out in front of the Memorial Student Center.
The bonfire.
Let's stay with muster a second.
Okay.
What happened at those musters?
Was there a speaker?
Yes, there was nearly always a speaker.
The 21-gun salute.
There was not candle lighting as we know it today.
Was the muster red?
Yes, the muster story was red.
But was the list called, the muster called?
It was, the names of those.
And who attended?
Well, all the students.
It was basically a student affair.
I guess we weren't knowledgeable enough to know that there were a lot of former students.
and others that were there as well.
And this was held soon after dinner, after supper?
Yes.
Yes, usually at 5.30, 5 in the evening something.
No, it was before the evening meal.
Oh, before the evening.
Yes.
And how did you and your buddies feel about muster?
What did that seem to?
Well, the first time out, I don't know, it was just an event.
And after you've attended your first muster, then you begin to realize what it's about.
And by the time you've done that four years in a row, you have a feeling of what this sense of tradition was all about.
As I've asked people of earlier generations at A&M, almost none of them remember going to a muster on campus before World War II.
That in terms of their memories, it is World War II and the reality and the legend of the Philippine, of the Corregidor, that really changes things.
Okay, other traditional events.
Well, of course, bonfire was a very big event.
Do you remember your freshman year?
Oh, yes.
Describe that.
Describe the activity and how it was done.
We had to be ready in the afternoon to go out to the cut site.
And I think the upperclassmen did all the tree cutting and the freshmen did all the tree hauling, log hauling.
And we loaded them on flatbed trucks and brought them back.
The bonfire at that time was built on the drill field, the Simpson drill field that's in front of the Memorial Student Center.
I remember my freshman year, well, we had some co-eds from the community that would serve hot chocolate to the guard sites around.
We had fire set up guard sites because some of the enemy would try to come in and set the bonfire on fire.
And I remember there was a couple of Aggies in a T-28 trainer that were diving on the bonfire just to give us a buzz.
Couldn't get out and crashed on the other side of the railroad tracks.
I think both of these Aggies were killed.
My freshman year, we also had another Aggie, I believe it was killed by being run into as he was getting some hot chocolate out of the back of a panel truck.
And a car hit them from behind.
But I remember the camaraderie that was built among all of us as we had a part in that bonfire.
About how big was the stack by today's standards?
It was like a teepee that was 30 to 40, maybe 50 feet tall.
And it was just one stack.
And then you would put a pole up on top and try to extend it all you could.
I think I recall that by our senior year, it got pretty tall.
But it was still just one stack.
It was not the cake layered design that you see today.
Yelp practice.
Well, Yale practice was something that it was mandatory your freshman and sophomore years.
Held where?
And it was held in the Grove.
And it was always anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes in length.
And what was interesting was that many times the football players would be there.
And I still think that that was a good thing to have them there.
It wasn't at midnight then?
It was not at midnight.
On Friday night before the game, the players were often there.
And so was it held soon after Chow?
Yes, usually right after Chow we'd go over there.
Silver tabs?
Silver tabs.
What was it like and what impression did it make on it?
Well, silver tabs, at that time, really all the lights were turned off.
And we turned the lights off in our dorms.
And we walked over in the dark, assembled out there in front of the academic building.
And I will never forget when Silver Taps, when they played Silver Taps and the 21-gun salute fired, it just sort of shook you all the way to the core.
And my feeling was Texas A&M or A&M College of Texas, the mechanical and whatever, Agricultural Mechanical College of Texas,
is a different place.
To pay this much attention to some of our fellow students that had died was impressive.
And I just couldn't, I could not believe that the entire campus would reverence that moment.
And it became a focal point
And I remember we had, as freshmen, to go by the flagpole and they would have the names listed of the deceased.
And we needed to know who those were.
But it was another tradition
that maybe you felt at the time was just regimentation, harassment, whatever, but it got you to care and know who people were and give some semblance of concern about their life.
Do you remember anybody ever attempting any hijinks or joke or anything relating to silver taps?
Never, never, never, ever.
It was always a very solemn occasion.
As far as you know, has the ceremony itself changed?
I don't believe that ceremony has changed.
Not at all.
Now, for example, bonfire in your era,
When did you all begin the cutting and so forth?
Do you know?
Oh, it may have happened three or four weeks prior to putting it together.
As I recall, we almost brought the logs in and assembled them as we brought them in.
It wasn't this business of stacking them and sizing them the way they are today.
It was pretty haphazard to some extent.
All right, then final review.
Well, final review was I guess to some extent for a corps member, it was the day.
Most everybody would have their parents here and the mere anticipation
of getting to put on next year's uniform.
I remember my freshman year.
I could not wait to get that sophomore brass, to get the hat worn differently.
It was incredible.
And then, of course, each year there was that anticipation.
And there was a lot more emotion there than you realized was going to
exist because it was closure to the freshman year and it was welcoming in the privilege of being a sophomore or a junior or a senior and that tradition was just
just the highlight of the year.
There was no doubt about it.
And you did not graduate in the spring, but do you remember going through the final review your senior year, your fourth year?
Well, actually, I went through it my end of my junior year.
Okay.
And took, and got to wear my senior boots and my, and all of the brass and everything for the senior.
And then it was at that time I elected not.
I paid $85 for my boots.
Getting married, I needed the money, and I sold them for $85.
They were used.
And I know today there's a lot of people who say, I still have my senior boots, but I couldn't afford to keep my senior boots.
Did they fit very well?
Mine happened to fit pretty good.
I wore about a size 12 shoe, and they were just, I found somebody that had a big foot.
And they worked well.
Of all of the Aggie memorabilia that you may have kept from your undergraduate days, what do you treasure most?
Well, I have an aluminum tray that has a picture of old Sarge with the university seal, or the college seal, as it was known then, and my class year.
And my mother still has that hanging at her house.
And I can't go home without seeing that and remembering when I bought it and gave it to my parents, because I was going to be class of 58.
And your ring, when and how much did it cost, and what are some good Aggie ring stories?
Well, I have a ring story about my ring.
I got it.
It was about $39.
And the old wise tale that still exists probably is the reason they were so cheap was because the former students paid half of the cost.
That wasn't true.
The fact was the volume of rings is what helped so much.
But I got my ring, and we moved to California.
And I wanted a diamond in the worst way in my ring.
But I couldn't afford it.
So after we got out there, I met a jeweler and he showed me a 25-point stone.
And he said, Bob, I'll put that stone in that ring for you for $80.
And I thought, what a deal.
I'll get to put a diamond inside that shield.
This man was suffering from throat cancer.
And he talked with one of those vibrators on his throat.
And his name was Eddie Zion, Jewish fellow, neat man.
And so he put that in there and got it all fixed up for me.
And I described what I wanted done.
But when it came back and he'd finished, he had taken everything inside the circle out and put a platinum
diamond-shaped shield with that stone mounted in it.
The class year, the eagle, the shield, everything was gone.
And the poor old man was about to die.
So I did not have the courage to say, Eddie, you fouled my ring up.
68 then, I came to work for the Association of Former Students.
And Buck Wirus was my boss.
And one day Buck looked down at my ring and he said, what kind of a disastrous ring is that?
He used some other language, much more colorful.
And I said, well, Buck, and I told him the story.
Well, he looked at it.
As I worked on, one day he just grabbed my hand and he said, give me that ring.
He said, we can't have an Aggie working here with a ring that looks like that.
So he called Willard Clark, class of 42, who sold rings for Belfort Company, and Willard put a new top on it for me and put the diamond in, and that's what I'm wearing today.
So this ring actually is 10 years younger than it should be, but it has a lot of good memories because of that.
Have you ever, other ring stories, have you ever been somewhere and somebody spotted it and it turned out to be an important spot?
Yes.
I have been literally around the world at places and someone would recognize my ring and we'd strike up a conversation.
He'd say, I'm class of so-and-so.
The Aggie ring probably is one of the more identifiable
pieces of jewelry that you'll find anywhere in the world.
And so I look for them.
I spot them when I'm on the airplanes in various places.
What creates Aggie spirit?
Well, I think different things create it, but the more I have
been around this place and this is my 32nd year to work for A&M.
I spoke for a muster in 1987 here on campus and of course that was a
very difficult muster to speak for because our son's name was being read.
He had been killed in a car wreck in 86.
But I said to the audience there, and we had that Sol Ross class coming in, and they were sitting out there from the class of 1938, 37, excuse me, because it was their 50th anniversary then.
And I said, you know, the spirit that we feel as Aggies
It's not the buildings.
It's not the campus.
It's not even those of us that are former students precisely.
But I think as much as anything, it's what happens in the classroom.
We had a caring faculty.
We had administrators who wanted us to succeed.
I think that same spirit exists today.
Now, you reinforce that.
with traditions that are unique.
Standing at a football game, I mean, that's the most absurd thing that you can imagine at most schools, any place.
Kissing when a score is made, silver taps, muster, not walking on the grass at the Memorial Student Center.
The ranking system we have within the core
and the privileges that are obtained thereby.
All of these things add to what I call the Aggie spirit, and it is a family spirit as much as anything.
Are you also in this saying, and it's inclusive, not exclusive?
I think it's very inclusive.
And there were many people that said, well, you know, once corps becomes optional, it's going to go to pot.
Once women are admitted, we're in trouble.
And that's not true.
I find that the women have as much commitment to the Aggie family and cause and all of that as anybody around.
And, of course, we have a daughter that's class of 81, and I know from experience, listening to her, that she has the same loyalty and commitment to A&M as anybody.
As you were getting ready to look at the real world at graduation time, how well prepared did you feel A&M had helped you to become?
I didn't realize it maybe as much as I should have at that time, Haskell, but I am convinced that I was more prepared to meet people
to not be afraid of situations because of what I'd been taught at A&M in the core.
You didn't meet a stranger.
You could carry on a conversation with practically anybody.
And when you're in the fundraising business, as I am, you're a salesman.
And we have a great product to sell.
And because of that great product and this ability I had to interact with people and communicate,
that I think the Corps and A&M taught me, I felt well prepared for life and employment opportunities.
In fact, there were people that I worked around that were basically just very shy, and I thought that Corps experience was one of the things that caused me not to be that shy.
And a while ago when I was saying inclusive, to me one of the key things is, okay, so you're from one kind of town and I'm from another, and this person's rich and this one's poor, that all that gets quickly lost in the A&M mix.
Am I correct?
That's exactly right.
Did A&M help you get that first job?
Yes, it did because a fellow Aggie recommended me for the job, and his recommendation is what got me the job.
What are the qualities of being an Aggie?
Well, I have always felt that one of the qualities
that I see in most Aggies is love of country for one thing.
I see a spirit of compassion, a spirit of honesty, a spirit of hard work, and yet I see a spirit of inclusiveness that we're all Aggies.
We're all part of the Aggie family.
And, of course, nothing could be more exemplary of this than this bonfire tragedy of last year.
A&M is a unique place.
Certainly so.
Let's see, I ask already, what did you learn at A&M that proved to be significant?
We've already done that.
The qualities of being an Aggie.
Let's see, if someone were to give you a check for a million dollars, and there's only one condition on that gift that you must pass it on to A&M, but you select what it would be used to do, what would you have that do?
I think I would want it to be in scholarships.
more than any other thing.
Of what sort?
For whom?
And I would want it to be for individuals that have come to A&M and finished their freshman year.